I want you to sell us your
vision of the afterlife.
[laughter]
- 1-800-925.
- They say God is a woman.
And I am.
[laughter]
- And, of course, facials.
[music continues]
- Amethyst...
- If you're going to
do the lewd thing,
I feel like it has to land.
- Princess Poppy...
- Look at the rest of
the girls next to you.
You got to step
your pussy up a bit.
- Sasha Colby.
Every time you did the
neck thing, I laughed.
You are the winner of
this week's challenge.
Amethyst, shantay, you stay.
Princess, sashay away.
[dramatic music]
- What a lip sync, you guys.
- Girl.
- Poppy.
- Oh, no.
- Baby, we are back in the
workroom without Miss Poppy,
and it feels good.
[laughs] I'm so happy
that it wasn't me.
- I'm gagged that I'm
still here, y'all.
You know?
Of course, I'm feeling
a little unsure of myself.
Have I ever been funny?
Have I been not funny
this whole time?
I'm known
for my comedic timing,
so to hear that that's the
one thing that I messed up,
it's devastating.
- Sugar, sit next to me.
[indistinct chatter]
- All right, bitches,
y'all are always together.
How did it feel to, like,
work separate from each other?
- I think my group
might have got annoyed at me
because I'm used
to working with Spice,
and y'all know us.
We're throwing out ideas.
We're having fun.
But then I had to
check it in my group
because not everyone
works that way.
I mean, I can be a little
annoying sometimes.
I can be too much,
but you know what?
I'm done with apologizing
for being too much.
Like, whatever.
Let me own it.
- Can I just say
congratulations to you?
[cheering]
Yes.
- The old dog's
got a few tricks up
in her sleeves, honey.
Watch out.
- I feel pretty good
to have been in the top two.
I would like to say
it's the top two.
- [laughs]
- Let's go with that.
- Okay.
- [laughs]
- Okay, so what's the rank?
- I would say third,
second, first.
- I think first, second.
[laughter]
- First, second, third.
- First, second.
- Okay.
- I don't care what Luxx says.
I really slayed this challenge.
And what I really
want is a win.
- Okay, so it's been
a very long day,
and I definitely want to get
out of this almost-winning
look, so let's go.
[laughter]
- Onward, hos, onward.
- I'm sitting pretty
on top, winning,
but I feel like
some of the girls
are feeling the pressure
to be seen.
And I'm telling you right now,
y'all ain't taking my spot.
[music continues]
Is this what
winning feels like?
[moans]
- [singing] "RuPaul's Drag Race"
The winner
of "RuPaul's Drag Race"
receives a one-year supply
of Anastasia Beverly Hills
Cosmetics
and a gag-worthy grand prize
of $200,000,
served by Cash App.
With extra-special guest
judge Amandla Stenberg.
[singing] "RuPaul's Drag Race"
May the best drag queen win,
best drag queen win
- Whoo.
- Another day of trauma.
[laughs]
- It's a new day
in the workroom,
and it's a new day
of me being crazy.
- Now, Amethyst, I'm curious.
Do you play baseball?
Because, you know,
three strikes, and you're out.
[laughter]
She made me say it.
- I would never.
- 'Cause I know you
didn't think of that.
- I'm not that witty.
- It was Mistress.
[door opens]
- Hello, hello, hello.
[all chattering excitedly]
- Oh, you better come
through, Met Gala!
- Ladykins, when it
comes to charisma,
uniqueness, nerve, and talent,
too much is never enough.
- That is right.
- So, for this week's
Maxi Challenge,
we'll be serving a double
helping of...
the Snatch Game.
- What?
- Did she say Snatch Game?
- This early?
What?
- This season Snatch Game is
going to be longer, thicker...
- Ooh.
- And juicier than ever before.
- Oh, wow.
- Sounds good.
- For the first time
in "Drag Race" herstory,
we'll be playing the game
in two rounds
with two different casts
of characters.
- Okay.
- What?
[laughter]
What?
- Now, I'm going to
split this Snatch Game
right down the middle.
Everyone who lined
up on the left,
you'll play
in the first Snatch Game.
And everyone who
lined up on the right,
you'll play
in the second Snatch Game.
Y'all know the rules.
You impersonate a celebrity
that will make me laugh
my yass off.
- I do all of this shit,
but I don't do impersonations.
So I am literally shaking.
- Racers, start your engines,
and may
the best drag queen win.
- [imitating Tim Gunn]
Make it work, designers.
Make it work.
- You know, it is a known fact
that Snatch Game
happens every season.
No drag queen is sure not.
- Who are you doing?
- Jan Crouch.
- Okay.
- Who are you doing?
- Amanda Lepore.
- Does it make you nervous
that Trinity's
already done it before?
- No, because she didn't
do that good of a job.
- [laughter]
- Your words, not mine.
- Are you going to do Dolly
because it was such a success?
- No, I mean, I already
showed my Dolly.
I'm actually even more so known
for my Joan Rivers.
- Yeah.
- Joan is an absolute icon,
and I'm really staking my name
on this.
So the pressure is on me.
- I feel like I was,
like, born to be
- Miley Cyrus in Snatch Game.
- Okay. Oh, cute.
- So that's
what happening here.
- Oh, my God.
- Does it ring a bell?
- Yeah.
- Sugar, what are you doing?
- Internet pop star
sensation Trisha Paytas.
- No way.
- And I know
Internet people always...
- I was gonna say.
- Bomb into "obliviation."
But, you know, Sugar
is here to change that.
I'm planning on doing
Trisha Paytas for Snatch Game,
the one and only mean queen
Internet troll
of our generation.
No one is safe.
She's going to
interrupt everything.
I know I am taking a risk.
I'm just hoping it pays off.
- I'm winning Snatch Game.
- Ah!
- No, I'm winning.
- Battle of the twins.
- We let the girls have it,
and now Sugar and Spice
are here
to snatch up Snatch Game.
- They're in the same group,
huh, Sugar and Spice?
- Yeah.
- It's going to be a little
bit chaotic with them.
- I can sense that.
- Yeah.
- Who are you doing?
- I'm doing the coconut
water connoisseur.
- [gasps] Bretman Rock.
- Yes!
Bretman Rock
is a YouTube star.
He's just really over the top.
He's Filipino.
And I can relate to him.
- What you doing?
- I am going to be
the plus-size diva lesbian
- comedian Rosie O'Donnell.
- Okay.
- So I'm going to channel
my inner New Yorker.
- Who are you doing?
- Saucy Santana.
I feel like I can relate
to Saucy Santana
because he's like
very hood, bougie.
If y'all don't know
who Saucy Santana is,
go on your computer and
type in "Material Girl."
Saucy Santana is a rapper.
He's very flamboyant.
And he represents
for the community, so I live.
- Is this a pregnant tummy?
- Yeah.
- Who is this?
- The Virgin Marie.
- Are you doing
the Virgin Mary?
- Yeah.
BC, before Christ.
- Oh, my God.
- My take on the Virgin Mary
is a horny virgin,
not overtly blasphemous
but, like, just enough.
I don't know.
I'm nervous.
[laughs] Who knows
what's going to happen?
Oh.
You see?
God is punishing me.
Aah!
Oh, my God.
Is God trying to tell me
not to do the Virgin Mary?
[music continues]
- Live from Hollywood, it's
the supersized Snatch Game,
with your host, RuPaul.
- Welcome, everybody.
Let's hear
from our contestants.
Now, he's been on "Drag Race"
for six seasons.
Say hello to Bruno.
- Hi, Ru.
- You look great.
- Thank you.
I'm so excited to be here.
- And you may remember our
next contestant
as Diesel O'Hara
in "The Daytona Winds."
- Hi, Calix.
- Hi, Ru.
- Are y'all ready
to meet our stars?
I know you are.
First up, fashion guru Tim Gunn
is here.
What are the fashion trends
we should be looking out for?
- I mean,
the only fashion trends
that I'm looking out for
this season
are some Speedos over there,
if you know what I mean.
So scandalous.
- [laughs]
Next up, New York nightlife
superstar--
hello, Amanda Lepore.
[music continues]
- Oh, I'm so sorry.
I was answering
with my other pair of lips.
[laughter]
Now, it's the other
Material Girl, Saucy Santana.
- You can me your gummy today.
- Gummy?
What does that mean?
- Self-explanatory, no teeth.
- [laughing]
Up next, it's Rosie O'Donnell.
- Hey, RuPaul.
Nice to see a fellow
lesbian in a suit.
You look sharp.
[laughter]
- Next up, we have
Chef Gordon Ramsay's sister.
- Hello.
- It's Gorgena.
- Gorgena?
- Gorgena, yes.
- Now, where are you from?
- I'm from Nevada.
[laughter]
- Yes, I can hear it
in your accent.
Now, we're moving on down to
Real Housewife Karen Huger.
Hello, Karen.
What are you spending
those millions on?
- I mean, my marriage
is an institution,
and I have to keep
my husband happy.
So it's real tight down here.
- Oh, are you spending the
money on vaginal rejuvenation?
- The lips always need
to be on point, RuPaul.
- I like the way you think.
- Thank you, darling.
- All right, let's
move on down to someone
who does not need
an introduction.
Hello, Virgin Mary.
- Ru, I haven't seen you
since our last supper.
- How are you?
- Oh, my God.
- Are you still a virgin?
- Of course, Ru.
Oh, how dare you?
- No, I'm just--
- I'm saving myself
for the Lord.
- Okay.
- I'm just really horny.
- Listen, is that Mary or the
Jersey whore, Michelle Visage?
I can't believe
what I'm hearing.
- Ooh.
Blasphemous, sweetheart.
- You're right.
It is blasphemous, isn't it?
All right, y'all.
Are you guys ready
to play the game?
- Very much ready, yes.
- Oh, good.
All right, here we go.
Bruno, Kandy Muse is
coming out with a line
of edible underwear.
Bad news, it tastes like blank.
Celebrities, go ahead
and write your answers.
Bruno, what say you?
- Kandy Muse.
- [laughs]
- She's busted.
- All right, let's
go to our celebrities
and see if you've got a match.
What say you, Tim Gunn?
- Well, I'm familiar with
the work of Miss Muse.
- Yes.
- Kandy Muse is
eccentric but sassy,
professional but profound,
and, most importantly,
she has a pretty sloppy lisp.
- [laughs]
- So I said saliva, honey.
- Okay.
Not a match for you, Bruno.
We're looking
for Kandy Muse.
Gorgena Ramsay.
[laughs]
- Have you said
edible underwear?
- Edible underwear, yes.
- On her arse?
- Yes, yes, she wears
them on her tuchus.
- Oh, my God, an unsightful
place for food.
- It really is.
I agree.
- I've said shite.
- It tastes like shite.
- Straight-up shite.
- Well, not a match
for you, Bruno.
Maybe we will find it
with Rosie O'Donnell.
My goodness, you
look very femme.
- Listen, Ru, I'm a feminist.
What can I say?
- [laughs]
- I'm not going to lie.
Let's stop playing games.
The shit tastes like nuts.
- [laughs]
- I personally don't think
I've ever tasted a pair of nuts
that I didn't enjoy.
- Well, Saucy Santana's
right next to you--take a lick.
- [laughs] Very, very close.
You've played this game
before, haven't you?
- Tax evasion, lots of games.
- Yeah. Wait, you've
played tax evasion?
- Oh, I'm sorry. I'm thinking
about Abby Lee Miller.
- Oh.
[laughs]
- Saucy is taking me back.
I'm seeing lots
of imprisonment.
- [laughing]
- Okay, I'm done playing.
Let's go to the next bitch.
- Okay, all right.
Coming up next, Karen
from the Housewives.
We're looking for Kandy Muse.
- Ru, I'm ready
for my lunch break,
so I just wrote "ham hawk."
- [laughs] I'm just surprised
that you would come up
with something like ham hawk,
you know,
a refined woman like yourself.
- Darling, I live in Potomac.
I'm the grand dame, but
I am from Surrey County.
- I grew up on a farm.
- Well, not a match.
Let's go down to
the Virgin Mary.
Are you familiar
with Kandy Muse?
- She's a sinner, correct?
- Yes, she is.
- Yeah, okay.
I said the Devil.
- They taste like the Devil?
Okay.
- Honey, a word of advice.
A devil is in a raw edge.
- Raw?
- You mean the details, right?
- No, look at those
sleeves, honey.
- Oh.
[laughter]
- I can't.
I'm so bad.
- [retching]
- Oh...
- I'm so sorry.
I don't know what came over me.
- Oh, wait.
- Aah! Aah!
I didn't even get
to fuck a dick.
You did this to me!
- It wasn't me.
Do we need to call
a paramedic for you?
- No, I think I can handle it.
I'm gonna pray.
If you could just excuse
me for just a second.
- She didn't even
know she was pregnant.
So, Bruno, no points,
no surprise.
So, Calix, let's see
if you can get one.
Michelle Visage spent
so much time in the UK,
she's even started to blank
on the left side of the street.
All right, Calix, what say you?
- Ru, I'm going to say vogue.
- She's even started to vogue?
- Yeah.
- I love it.
Let's start with Amanda.
- Well, I would have to
say that I don't really know
much about
Miss Michelle Visage,
but my hair looks fierce.
- Yes, it does.
- It does, right?
- It really, really does.
Not a match.
You say what, Rosie?
- You can take the whore
out of Jersey,
but you can't take the Jersey
out of the whore.
- That's true.
- She was caught soliciting
on the left side.
- [laughs] A very good answer,
Rosie O'Donnell.
- I know.
- [laughs]
- I can't help it, winner.
- Yes.
- She told me.
She was replaced by a
bitch named Merle Ginsburg.
I can't help you,
but I got to be honest.
Like the big knockers.
- [laughs]
- She made it work, designers.
- Yes, she did.
Saucy, what say you?
- I said walk 'em like a dog.
- Walking like a dog.
She's even started to walk
like a dog on the left side
- of the street.
- Period.
- I can never keep
up with these trends.
I thought we were
walking the fucking duck.
Now we're walking the dog.
- [laughing]
Mary, what say you?
- I said Kegels, Ru.
I've been doing
them this whole time
to get this baby out of me.
- Oh, Kegels.
- Now, we're talking.
- [laughs]
- It's almost there.
Can you please--
I can't reach.
Get it.
- It's the Virgin Mary, baby.
You done turned Mary into a
freak from down the street.
I don't know
if RuPaul feeling this.
You better pray to God
he don't come for you.
- [buzzer sounds]
- Oh.
That buzzer means
that round one is over.
But we'll be right back
with a whole new batch
of celebrities.
Don't go away.
Welcome back to the second
half of the Snatch Game.
Let's meet our new contestants.
First up, he's in the pit crew,
and he's a rocket scientist.
Bryce is here.
- Well, hello, Ru.
- Our next contestant is
from Israel with love.
- Asaf is here. Hello.
- Hello. How's it going?
- I just love that little
Superman curl you have.
- Super Jew.
- Oh, I love that.
Let's meet our celebrities.
Please welcome a comedy legend.
Joan Rivers is here.
Joanie, we have
missed you so much.
- Oh, God, I haven't missed
a single one of you.
[laughter]
- Moving on down, holy moly,
it's televangelist Jan Crouch.
- Hello, Pastor Ru.
- Now, Jan, do you have a
blessing or a prayer for us?
- Oh, I have a bunch of prayers
for this thing right here.
Thank God I brought my cross.
- Oh, God, it burns.
- [laughing]
Up next, she has been serving
face for centuries.
- It's the Mona Lisa.
- What's good?
It's me, your girl,
the Mona Lisa.
So happy to be here today.
- Can you flash me
that Mona Lisa smile?
[laughing]
There you go, girl.
Up next, YouTube sensation
Trisha Paytas.
- Oh, my God, Ru.
You're so pretty.
It's like looking in a mirror.
- Oh, you're so kind.
All right, up next, we've
got the one and only Tan Mom.
- Hello, Tan Mom.
- Hi, RuPaul.
That's not barbecue
you're smelling--it's me.
- [laughing]
All right, let's move on down
to a superstar
who has been here before.
Put your hands together
for Miley Cyrus.
- Oh, sweet niblets, Ru.
It's me, Miss Miley Ray.
[chuckles goofily]
- What have you
learned from being
around so many drag queens?
- Not to trust them.
[chuckles goofily]
- Uh-huh.
Let's move on down to beauty
influencer Bretman Rock.
- The real Internet sensation,
Ru, bitch.
- Yes.
Your hair is so gorgeous.
- Oh, thank you so much.
- What's your beauty regimen?
- It's just some coconut water,
you know, just putting it
in there, into the scalp.
- Oh, okay.
Guys, are you ready
to play the game?
- Ready.
- Okay, Bryce, here is
your first question.
Before each show, the pit
crew stand in a circle
and blank each other.
See all the celebrities
are writing?
Joan Rivers, he's
a rocket scientist.
- Oh, I've had a team of
rocket scientists working
on this face for years.
They do amazing, amazing work.
I've been pulled so many times,
I put a tampon in my chin.
[laughter]
Oh, God.
- All right, let's go to Bryce.
What say you?
- I say it before they
give their answer?
- Yes, yes.
- Okay.
- Rocket scientist, my ass.
[laughter]
- We stand in a circle,
and we oil up each other.
- Oil up each other.
Let's see if you've
got any matches.
Let's start with Miley Cyrus.
Miley, you've changed.
- Well, you know
what they say, Ru.
- I got the best of both worlds.
- Yes.
What say you, Miley?
- Well, I wrote down my
handy dandy foam finger.
- Oh, they--okay, yeah.
Miley, that was not a match
for Bryce over there.
All right, let's move on down
to the queen of comedy,
Joan Rivers.
Now, Joan, we know
you as Joan Rivers.
What's your middle name?
- That bitch.
[laughter]
Oh, my parents hated me.
They used to encourage me to
take candy from strangers.
[laughter]
Oh, oh.
It's not going to be a match,
but I said they work out
with each other,
because those bodies
don't come easy.
Now, the Super Jew
didn't tell you this,
but he also won
"The Biggest Loser."
I mean, oh, oh, listen,
I don't want to say
that he was fat,
but I saw him put mayonnaise
on an aspirin.
[laughter]
- Let's move on down
to Tan Mom.
- Hey, Tan Mom.
- Hi, RuPaul.
- Oh, my goodness,
your tan looks great.
- Thank you. So does yours.
- Thank you.
Now, Tan Mom, we are looking
for "oiling each other up."
What say you?
- RuPaul,
I'm going to be honest.
The pale white color
of these cards
- almost sent me off the edge.
- Oh, I bet, yeah.
- I had to fix it for you.
- Oh.
- Yeah.
- Oh, my God, that looks
like Joan's tampon steps.
- Can you let me
fucking finish?
- Oh.
- Okay.
- So I'm going to say tan.
- They tan each other.
With an oil-based tan?
[laughter]
- No.
- No?
Okay, well, let's move on down
to Mr. Rock over there.
- Do you know that I'm
a singer and songwriter?
- No, I didn't know that,
but now I do.
- Well, I actually
wrote a song for you.
- Okay, let's hear it.
- [singing] You're my mother
I'm your bitch
And together,
we're the motherfucking bitch
- Oh.
- And so I wrote down,
they're going to be
- singing to each other, bitch.
- Oh.
Let's move on down
to the Mona Lisa.
Mona Lisa, what did you say?
- You know,
they say a picture--
What is that saying?
Like, a picture--
- It's worth a thousand
words, asshole.
- Is a thousand words.
[laughter]
- Mona Lisa, what did you say?
- I can tell that you are
a bit of a work of art
just like myself.
So I believe the pit crew
would be painting each other.
- What kind of paint?
- Oil-based paint.
- [laughter]
- That's a match.
We got a match.
All right, Asaf,
this one's for you.
Glamazonian Airways is
spicing up their service.
The flight attendants
don't just warm your nuts.
They blank your bags.
What say you?
- They tickle your bags.
Let's start with Joan Rivers.
You've flown--
for years, you've flown.
- Oh, many, many years, and
it's been awful every time.
The only thing that's
worse than flying
is sex with my ex-husband.
[laughter]
I would say, Edgar, what
part of me do you find sexy?
And he'd say, I'd rather
not find you at all.
I'd say, Edgar, what's
your favorite position?
He'd say, the neighbors' house.
[laughter]
- So now we're looking
for tickle your bags, Joan.
What say you?
- I said Miley's foam finger.
- [laughing]
- Because I just wanted to
make fun of the dumb bitch
in the front.
- I know you want some
of this, Miss Joan.
- Why is
the white girl twerking?
They say I'm problematic.
She's problematic.
Someone cancel her.
- You know what?
You can shut it, Jesus Jugs.
- Bottle blonde.
- Well--
- Bra stuffer.
- Well, Miley, Miley.
- Has-been.
- Never was.
- Sweetie, you have
something on your face.
- Don't touch me.
- Oh, okay.
- The level
of unprofessionalism,
far too much.
- Let's move on down to Trisha.
- I just wrote down Jesus...
- Oh.
- Because, you know, we have
a really special connection,
if you couldn't tell
by looking at me.
[singing]
Jesus, You are my best friend
- Not a match.
All right, let's go
to our next question.
This one is for Bryce.
Ross Matthews took a DNA test.
Turns out, he's 100% blank.
[upbeat music]
- Glitter.
[laughing]
Let's go to Jan Crouch.
We are looking for glitter.
- I do know Brother Ross.
He has come to the
congregation once or twice.
And I must say, he's
100% a sodomite.
- [laughing] Oh.
Oh, she really does know Ross.
All right, let's go
on down to Miley Cyrus
because we have to.
[laughs]
Miley, what do you say?
What did you say, Miley?
- I'm sorry, Ru.
It just tastes so good.
[chuckles goofily]
Just like my Meemaw's
home cooking.
You know, we're country, but
we're not, like, that country
where we're, like, fucking our
cousins and stuff like that.
[chuckles goofily]
[music continues]
- [imitate goofy chuckling]
- Okay, all right.
All right, Tan Mom,
what do you say?
- The name Matthews
rings a bell.
- Yeah.
- I hooked up with
a Jimmy Matthews
in the back
of a Long John Silver's once.
So I think he's 100% my son?
[laughter]
Let's move on down to Bretman.
- Ru, I wrote down...
[speaking Tagalog]
It's a match, bitch.
[chuckles]
- Judges say, no,
that is not a match.
We actually have some
Filipinos in the judges' booth.
Yes.
- [speaking Tagalog]
[chuckles]
It's over.
- Well, that's our show.
That means the winner
of Snatch Game is...
science.
Yes, it's real.
Say good night, everybody.
- Bye.
- It's really wild to see
others drowning around you.
Better be listening
to them lyrics, honey,
because you didn't listen
to Ru...
[laughing] The whole time.
[upbeat music]
- It's a new day.
- We are the Snatch slayers,
honey.
- It's elimination day,
and I'm feeling good
about myself,
which is a change
that I needed.
- Mistress, you can take
the Rosie O'Donnell mug off.
- Snatch Game is over.
- Ouch.
- [laughs]
- How long have
you been out for?
- I didn't come out
until after high school,
which really surprises people,
'cause I'm so out there now,
but I actually still
live in the town
that I went to, like,
elementary and high school
and stuff.
And I'll be walking
around my hometown,
and I'll be looked at
like I don't belong there.
- Just, like, based off of,
like, the way that you look?
- Based off the way--
I mean, you know I like a short
short, and I like a crop top.
- Yeah.
- You know?
I remember the first time
I was ever called a "faggot."
I remember it
really distinctly.
I was in sixth grade.
I remember exactly who it was.
I heard teachers in my school
join in on making fun of me.
I used to just, like...
hope and pray
that I could just be normal.
I just got to a point
eventually after high school
where I was like, I need to
start actually living my life.
- Right.
- The only thing
that I could do
to get people
to stop laughing at me
was to get them
to laugh with me.
And so being bullied
really helped me
to hone in
on my talent for comedy.
And so now I've been
able to take
what used to be
a defense mechanism,
and now I've made a career
out of it.
I think the reason why I'm
the way that I am,
why I wear the crop top
and I wear the short short,
is because I'm making up
for lost time.
I'm going to be
as gay as they come.
- Yeah.
- You know what I mean?
And with Salina in the room,
that's really hard.
[laughter]
I live out loud and out proud
wherever I go.
I still have
people ridicule me.
The difference now
is that I found my voice.
[RuPaul's "Cover Girl"]
- [laughs]
- [singing] Cover girl
Put the bass in your walk
Head to toe
Let your whole body talk
- Work, mama.
- And what?
Welcome to the main stage
of "RuPaul's Drag Race."
She gives good blank.
It's Michelle Visage.
- She gives good advice.
- [laughs] I'm sorry, Michelle,
not a match.
- Oh.
- Style superstar
Carson Kressley
never met a guy
he didn't blank.
- Like?
- Oh, the correct
answer is cornhole.
- [laughs]
- Oh.
When did I have cornhole?
- And the incredible
Amandla Stenberg.
How is your blank?
- No complaints, Ru.
[laughter]
- Tonight on the runway,
category is
Beautiful Nightmare.
Racers, start your engines,
and may
the best drag queen win.
- [singing] The world is your
runway
- Up first,
Marcia Marcia Marcia.
- Today Marcia
is getting freaky.
I am like a child's nightmare
of what the dentist is.
I'm like, come on, kids,
give me your teeth.
- Oh, she's a filling queen.
- [laughs]
Luxx Noir London.
Darling, the "Thriller" video
auditions are next door.
[laughter]
- I'm giving you bride whose
husband threw her in the river
and drowned her.
- You better walk
that fucking block.
[laughter]
Malaysia Babydoll Foxx.
Oh, the show ghouls
have arrived.
- I am giving you the living,
walking beauty dead fantasy.
I think I'm still
beautiful, even dead.
- Get the flock out of here.
- Mistress Isabelle Brooks.
- She was in a terrible
accident at the jewelry store,
but we've got her
in a neck brace.
She's gonna be just fine.
- They say we eat six spiders
a year in our sleep,
and those spiders laid some
eggs and, oh, busted through.
And there's webs all over me.
- Don't be so cagey.
- [laughs]
Anetra.
- You better walk
that fucking spider.
- [laughs]
- I'm stomping down
the runway,
licking
these long spider fingers
'cause I've just swallowed
my husband.
She is a man-eater.
- "Latext" me
when you get home.
[laughter]
- Salina EsTitties.
- Oh.
- Zombie titties, baby.
I sewed all these leather
pieces together
to make it look
like human skin.
I am looking glamorous
as a dead bitch.
- She puts the
lotion in the casket.
- [laughs]
Robin Fierce.
- I think she found this
look on the dark web.
- I'm glamorously crawling
down the runway
with all of my legs,
and I am feeling
like that tarantula bitch
that will murder your husband.
And you look at her,
see she's gorgeous,
and say, okay.
- Loosey LaDuca.
- I am serving
a dragged-out version
of Jason Voorhees
from "Friday the 13th."
The judges expect bubblegum
pink and big, blonde hair,
but you never know what
to expect from Loosey LaDuca.
- Why is she so two-faced?
- [laughs]
Sasha Colby.
- Witch, please.
- Look at this thing.
I look like
a Tim Burton special.
I feel like the largest broom
you've ever seen in life
because I'm about to sweep
this motherfucking
competition.
- Jax.
- You better hiss-y that walk.
- Mm-hmm.
- I am walking down
this runway Perseus first.
I have my snake prosthetic,
because, you know,
Lady Voldemort looks
good right now.
- Oh, yes, she better Medusa.
Sugar.
- I am channeling
all the creepy porcelain dolls
at my grandma's.
This look would be nothing
without Booger.
You know, Sugar
needs her Booger.
- I'm writing a letter...
both: To Daddy.
- [laughter]
- Spice.
Oh, this is that new dance,
you know,
the popping and locking.
- Yes, I do.
- And I thought
it was just polio.
- [laughs]
- I'm that doll
up in your attic
that gives you nightmares.
I'm giving you the scarier
and spookier version.
Sugar is giving you
the more beautiful version.
- You know, I got to tell you.
The zombies are getting
younger and younger.
Amethyst.
- Oh, my Gaga.
- [gasps]
- It's horror.
It's theatrics.
It's Gaga.
And I think I look amazing.
- This is a period costume.
- [laughter]
- Carson Kressley!
- Aura.
- [gasps] Oh.
- Vertebrae, you stay.
- [laughs]
- I'm giving the pain,
the sadness,
and showing off
my acting skills.
- Ooh, spinal tap that ass.
- Mm-hmm.
- How much it cost for one rib?
[music continues]
- Welcome, queens.
I've made some decisions.
Luxx Noir London,
Malaysia Babydoll Foxx,
Anetra, Robin Fierce,
Salina EsTitties,
Sasha Colby,
Jax, Amethyst, you are...
all safe.
You may leave the stage.
[dramatic music]
[indistinct chatter]
- Girl, it's foam.
[music continues]
- Now it's time
for the judges' critiques,
starting
with Marcia Marcia Marcia.
- I thought you were absolutely
wonderful in Snatch Game.
Your impersonation
was pretty impeccable.
- So scandalous.
- Tonight on the runway,
the credit I want to give
to you, Marcia,
is I see more makeup
on your face.
You could take it further.
- I'm not crazy
about this outfit.
You got to learn how
to drag this shit up.
You know what I'm saying?
But good job today.
- Thank you so much.
- Up next,
Mistress Isabelle Brooks.
- You can paint
the motherfucking house down.
- Thank you.
- These kids better recognize.
You were Rosie O'Donnell...
- [laughs]
- And were like,
I'm also Abby Lee Miller.
And you just...
[laughter]
Went with it
because we kind of bought
into whatever you were selling.
That is the magic and
the key to Snatch Game.
- You knew when to put in
the jokes, and you had them.
I was very impressed.
I've got my eye on you.
- Thank you, mama.
- Up next, Loosey LaDuca.
- Wow.
You are really, really smart.
You were one
of the best performances
on Snatch Game I'd ever seen.
- And you were able to banter,
to have a little bit
of a condescending edge
with the other girls.
And some of them needed it,
so thank you.
This look--I love it
because it's super chic,
a lot of style
with a splash of camp.
- So thank you.
- Thank you.
- You had me laughing so hard.
We all knew Joan,
and she would be very proud.
Up next, Sugar.
- So you were Trisha Paytas.
Trisha is all
about the mukbang.
So I thought it was interesting
that you had really no food
that you were eating.
- She can be pretty weird,
like, pretty bizarre.
And so I kind of
wanted more of that.
- You had the right idea,
which is engage with the room.
It was just taking
the temperature of the room
and knowing when to engage,
because it came off as being
a little bit interruptive.
- All right, up next, Spice.
- I love that you chose
to do an older Miley.
- It's me, Miss Miley Ray.
[chuckles goofily]
- I almost wish that you had
just dug deeper
into that era of Miley,
you know?
- First of all,
you have to have that voice.
You know, she had that voice.
[nasally] And she was a little
bit nasal when she talked.
She had that voice.
- [nasally] Yeah, she had,
like, a head cold
the entire four years
of that show.
- Daddy, Daddy. We got to go
out and go see Rico, Daddy.
- You know?
- Yeah.
- [normal voice] I don't know
what was going on.
You were beating yourself
on the head with a mallet.
- And it needed
more laughs, too.
All right, up next,
Aura Mayari.
- This runway look--
when you turned around,
and you gave us, like, this
great, like, pearl-clutching,
gay gasp reveal, delicious.
- So you were Bretman Rock.
He's so filled with energy,
and he's so silly and funny
and quirky,
and that was missing for me.
It didn't really go anywhere.
- I just wanted you
to let loose a little bit more
- and have more fun.
- Sure.
- Thank you, ladies.
I think we've heard enough.
While you untuck backstage,
the judges
and I will deliberate.
Welcome back, ladies.
I've made some decisions.
Marcia Marcia Marcia...
you are safe.
[dramatic music]
Mistress Isabelle Brooks...
[music continues]
You are safe.
Loosey LaDuca...
[imitating Joan Rivers]
Can we talk?
[normal voice]
Condragulations.
You are the winner
of this week's challenge.
- Thank you.
[cheers and applause]
- You've won a cash prize
of $5,000.
- Good. I deserve it,
and I need to let
these other girls know
that I am the one to watch.
- Sugar...
your snatch was not on fire.
[music continues]
Spice, you came in
like a wrecking ball.
Aura, your runway
was beautiful,
but your Snatch Game
was a nightmare.
[music continues]
Aura...
you are safe.
You may join the other girls.
[music continues]
Sugar and Spice,
I'm sorry, my dears,
but you are both up
for elimination.
- Looking at that crazy bitch
that I popped
out of the womb with,
nothing else matters.
Game is on, and we are going
to give these bitches a show.
[music continues]
- The time has come...
for you to lip-synch...
for your life.
[music continues]
- This is not about to be
a regular, schmegular, degular
lip sync for your life.
This is about to be
a twin sync for your life.
- Good luck and
don't fuck it up.
- Come on.
- Come on, girls!
- Whoo!
- Come on, bitch.
- [singing] What you trying to
do
to my heart?
What you trying to do
- Come on.
- [singing] You go around,
telling lies
And now you want
to compromise
What you trying
to do to my heart?
You better run
You better hide
You better leave
from my side
Yeah
- Whoo!
[chuckles]
- [singing] What you trying to
do
to my soul?
What you trying
to do my soul?
Well, everything
I had is yours
And now I'm closing
all the doors
What you trying to do
to my soul?
You better run
You better hide
You better leave
from my side
Yeah
[music continues]
[wild laughter]
- What is going on?
- [singing] What are you trying
to do
to my head?
- They seem
to have choreographed
the entire thing somehow.
- [singing] You better run
- Run!
- [singing] You better hide
You better leave
- More canned bits.
[laughter]
- [singing] You better run
- Oh!
- [singing] You better hide
You better leave from my side
[music continues]
[RuPaul laughs,
cheers and applause]
- Ladies, I have
made my decision.
[dramatic music]
Spice, shantay, you stay.
[music continues]
You may join the other girls.
Sugar...
you came to this
competition with one sister,
but tonight you leave here
with 15.
Now sashay away.
- Thank you guys.
- We love you.
- I love you guys.
- Bye. I love you.
- [crying] Bye.
[sniffles]
- At least say
a funny line, bitch.
[laughter]
- [normal voice]
This bitch still might be
in the competition,
but I'm still hotter, better,
and everything
in between, bitch, so bye.
- That's better.
[laughs]
[music continues]
- [crying] I'm so grateful
for this experience.
It was so fun.
And I'm...
so grateful
to have Spice in my life.
She's so special to me,
and I'm going to be rooting
her on from the sidelines.
So...
[chuckles]
Yay.
- Condragulations, ladies.
And, remember,
if you can't love yourself,
how in the hell are you going
to love somebody else?
Can I get an "amen" up in here?
all: Amen.
- All right,
now let the music play.
- [singing] A little bit of love
goes
a long, long way
Lifting you up
to a brighter day
Can you feel the love?
- You'll turn home decor
into haute couture.
- Talk about stress.
I've never sewn
a day in my life.
- It's giving me
House of Monet.
- Everything is not fitting.
- I can tell that Spice
is spiraling, honey.
- There's some girls that don't
deserve to be here over her.
[dramatic music]
- [singing] A little bit of love
Goes a long, long way
Lifting you up
to a brighter day
A little bit of love
Goes a long, long way
Turn it around
when you up and say
Everybody say love
Love, love, love,
oh, love, love
Love, love, love, oh, love
Love,
can you feel the love?